HTCONDOR-3708 Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#4602)
htcondor/htcondor: CONTRIBUTING.md

We happily accept GitHub pull requests for bug fixes and documentation
improvements. **If you are planning a large feature or a change to existing
behavior, please talk with us first** (via the email lists or a pull request)
before writing a lot of code. We would hate for you to invest significant effort
in a direction we cannot merge.

## Communication channels

- **[htcondor-users mailing list](https://htcondor.org/mail-lists/)** — the
  primary public forum for questions about installing, using, or tuning
  HTCondor, and the best place to discuss a contribution before you write it.
- **[GitHub pull requests](https://github.com/htcondor/htcondor/pulls)** — for
  submitting code and documentation changes, and the place to report a bug or
  discuss a fix you are working on.
- **[HTCondor Week and community meetings](https://htcondor.org/past_condor_weeks.html)**
  — our annual community meetings, with talks and tutorials.

## Building from source

HTCondor is written in **C++20** and depends on a large number of external
libraries, so setting up a build environment from scratch can be involved. By
far the easiest way to get a working build is to use one of the HTCondor build

> containers, which come with all of the required dependencies preinstalled. These

Reviewer: ```suggestion
containers, which come with all of the required dependencies pre-installed. These
```
